README.md, before:

# Group Moai🗿 - PlatePal

## Describe your topic/interest in about 150-200 words

PlatePal is an app that helps users create and find recipes based on ingredients they have on hand. PlatePal is for all the university students, aspiring home chefs, “girl dinner” girlies, and just about anyone out there who wants to cook but only has 5 ingredients in their pantry at a time. Based on the ingredients that users input, PlatePal will use AI to generate recipes that can be made using those ingredients. Our app will store data on users and recipes so that users can log in to their accounts and favourite recipes to revisit anytime. Depending on development constraints, we plan to implement either a feature for AI-generated images of dishes or a feature for users to upload their own recipe photos.


## Project Task Requirements

3-5 Minimal Requirements (will definitely complete)
- User login feature with username and password
- Inputting the ingredients via search and select
- Button to generate recipe
- Viewing the actual recipe instructions

3-7 Standard Requirements (will most likely complete)
- Have the AI generate the recipe based on the inputted ingredients
- Favouriting recipes and viewing the saved recipes
- Modifying saved recipes such as editing the ingredient list or changing an instruction
- Sorting and filtering functionality for generated recipes 
- Upvoting/downvoting a recipe? 
- Regular image upload for recipe (if AI doesn’t work out)

2-3 Stretch Requirements (plan to complete at least 1!)
- (AI-generated) images of what the dish looks like
- Create a “Pinterest”-like dashboard for sharing among users


## Task Breakdown
User login feature with username and password
- Frontend form for the users to fill in login/registration info
- Backend API to create new user
- Implement JWT for end-to-end user login/registration

Viewing the actual recipe instructions
- Create recipe schema in backend
- Backend API to fetch the generated recipe
- Having a UI page to display the recipe and load the recipe content
- Create frontend recipe component that parses recipe info from backend to user-friendly format


## Team Members

- Brian Chu: Software Development Intern
- Elena Guo: 4th year BUCS student and aspiring product manager 
- Tammie Liang: 3rd year CS student, currently in a work term
- Abby Hong: 4th year CS+STATS student, currently in a SDE intern

## Prototypes

<img src ="images/sketch_main.png" width="400px">
<img src ="images/sketch_canva.png" width="400px">
<img src ="images/sketch_login.png" width="300px">

<!-- ## Images -->

## References

Commit message:

Update README.md project description

README.md, after:

# Group Moai🗿 - PlatePal

## Project Description

Discover easy cooking with PlatePal, an all-in-one recipe app for aspiring home chefs, foodies, and anyone who wants to cook but only has 5 ingredients in their fridge at a time. Simply input your ingredients and let AI do the rest by generating personalized, allergy-friendly recipes. Don’t like a certain recipe? Downvote it. Love a recipe? Save it! Never run out of inspiration again with our community explore page, where you can see your foodie friends’ favourite recipes and share yours too.

## Project Task Requirements

3-5 Minimal Requirements (will definitely complete)
- User login feature with username and password
- Inputting the ingredients via search and select
- Button to generate recipe
- Viewing the actual recipe instructions

3-7 Standard Requirements (will most likely complete)
- Have the AI generate the recipe based on the inputted ingredients
- Favouriting recipes and viewing the saved recipes
- Modifying saved recipes such as editing the ingredient list or changing an instruction
- Sorting and filtering functionality for generated recipes 
- Upvoting/downvoting a recipe? 
- Regular image upload for recipe (if AI doesn’t work out)

2-3 Stretch Requirements (plan to complete at least 1!)
- (AI-generated) images of what the dish looks like
- Create a “Pinterest”-like dashboard for sharing among users


## Task Breakdown
User login feature with username and password
- Frontend form for the users to fill in login/registration info
- Backend API to create new user
- Implement JWT for end-to-end user login/registration

Viewing the actual recipe instructions
- Create recipe schema in backend
- Backend API to fetch the generated recipe
- Having a UI page to display the recipe and load the recipe content
- Create frontend recipe component that parses recipe info from backend to user-friendly format


## Team Members

- Brian Chu: Software Development Intern
- Elena Guo: 4th year BUCS student and aspiring product manager 
- Tammie Liang: 3rd year CS student, currently in a work term
- Abby Hong: 4th year CS+STATS student, currently in a SDE intern

## Prototypes

<img src ="images/sketch_main.png" width="400px">
<img src ="images/sketch_canva.png" width="400px">
<img src ="images/sketch_login.png" width="300px">

<!-- ## Images -->

## References
